Update docs: Webhooks for global activity (#19863)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using Fleet/Automations.md

To learn how to use Fleet's maintenance windows, head to this [article](https://fleetdm.com/announcements/fleet-in-your-calendar-introducing-maintenance-windows). 

## Activity automations

> Activity automations are triggered when an activity happens in Fleet (queries, scripts, logins, etc). See a list of all activities [here](../Using%20Fleet/Audit-logs.md).

Reviewer: @eashaw does this kind of link work when the docs are built on the website?

Reviewer 2: @rachaelshaw No, it does not. When built for the website, the link would go to `fleetdm.com/docs/using%20fleet/audit-logs`.
I'll create an issue to update the build script to support relative links to the `docs/using fleet/` folder.

```suggestion
Activity automations are triggered when an activity happens in Fleet (queries, scripts, logins, etc). See a list of all activities [here](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/audit-logs).
```

Reviewer: ^cc @noahtalerman

Author: Ah, thanks for catching that Rachael. Good to know.
